[Music]
so today I'm going to be showing you
this new on Sony wireless speaker
it's the SRS B tv5 so have a quick look
around the box it's got the sony logo on
areas car a couple of it's got a bit of
information about the speaker itself
it's got i'm saying it's got 360 circle
sound technology stream music wirelessly
by bluetooth hands-free function USB
charging and it comes so that comes with
a carry pouch then obviously it's got
NFC Bluetooth on and android up so it
comes with an absolutely huge amount of
paperwork and machine assist
instructions and all sorts of different
languages it comes with a fancy little
pouch case to put your speaker in just
like that come to the micro USB cable
and so this is the obviously they
actually snap to a speaker um I feel
it's quite heavy it feels quite
expensive so as you can see it's got a
small metal metal piece covering the
actual speaker there it's got a small
NFC logo here because obviously this is
going to be where you put the phone on
top to connect it via NFC and then for
the speaker itself this you're gonna sit
at a fairly average-sized speaker for
what will speak like this it's got a
sony logo on the front here's a
microphone and then here it's got a
button which you would use to take calls
and it's got an obviously volume up and
down key and then on the side it has a
little plastic panel here which you can
take out which reveals a aux cape an aux
input or audio in and then a microUSB
port which who used to charge it on the
bottom it's got a little Bluetooth logo
here with a blue light flashing
indicating that it switched on and then
it's got a little battery light here
which I assume will flash if you've got
low battery it needs to go on charge and
then um on the bottom it's got so a few
little switches as you can flick a
switch NFC off if you just got a
Bluetooth phone without NFC or whatever
and then it just goes in the middle - so
which you can just use your NFC phone or
connected to easily and I'm guessing if
you don't have anything in your phone
you have to hold that down to connect it
by bluetooth so we've got our NFC
enabled phone here
a place of music from the phone then to
connect it you just put on top and then
you had the little beat there and then
if I play it again it there we go a
place for the speaker now then you can
adjust the volume just turn it up and
down you guys are quite loud and then to
disconnect you just get on top again and
then there we go and then you this got
me thrown again so I'm just going to
quickly play a geeky video to show you
the sound again with the BlackBerry z10
flip show we have a red and a white show
it's also available in black um it's got
quite a good SAP it's got quite a good
sound for something so small it's got
quite a lot of bass as well we works a
lot better when you're obviously got on
a surface that's quite easy to take
around with you and stuff so yeah after
you sony wireless speaker